README.md, before:

# ESOFT TP Classes Support

This project has the design and code contents for ESOFT's TP classes.

This project used Java and Maven.

We have to declare the maven-surefire-plugin in the pom.xml file and configure the dependencies of this plugin. 

We have to declare the following dependencies:

The junit-platform-surefire-provider dependency allows us to run tests that use either the “old” JUnit (3 or 4) or JUnit 5.

If we want to run tests that use JUnit 5, we have to declare the junit-jupiter-engine dependency.

* Junit Jupiter Dependency graph
    - https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/
* JUnit Annotation
    - https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-annotations

## Who do I talk to about this project

Nuno Bettencourt
nmb@isep.ipp.pt

## Maven goals
### Run the unit tests
```
mvn clean test
```

### Generate javadoc for the source code
```
mvn javadoc:javadoc
```

### Generate javadoc for the test code
```
mvn javadoc:test-javadoc
```

### Generate Jacoco source code coverage report
```
mvn test jacoco:report
```

### Check if thresholds limits are achieved
```
mvn test jacoco:check
```

### Generates a PIT Mutation coverage report to target/pit-reports/YYYYMMDDHHMI
```
mvn org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage
```

### Generates a quicker PIT Mutation coverage report to target/pit-reports/YYYYMMDDHHMI
```
mvn org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage -DwithHistory
```

### Complete example

``` 
mvn test jacoco:report org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage -DhistoryInputFile=target/fasterPitMutationTesting-history.txt -DhistoryOutputFile=target/fasterPitMutationTesting-history.txt -Dsonar.pitest.mode=reuseReport -Dthreads=4 -DtimestampedReports=false
```
## Jacoco dependencies
* https://github.com/pitest/pitest-junit5-plugin
  - https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.pitest/pitest-junit5-plugin
    - required to work with JUnit5

Commit message:

Add script (publish-to-public-version.sh) to publish content to public repository. Create a folder for the pdf files. Update Readme with instructions to run the shell scripts.

README.md, after:

# ESOFT TP Classes Support

# How to generate the svg files

On project root folder, run the following script:

```shell
$ bin/generate-plantuml-diagrams.sh
````

# How to generate publich contents to public repository

Assuming that the public repository is at the same folder as this one.

On project root folder, run the following script:

```shell
$ bin/publish-to-public-version.sh
````

# How the project is organised

This project has the design and code contents for ESOFT's TP classes.

This project used Java and Maven.

We have to declare the maven-surefire-plugin in the pom.xml file and configure the dependencies of this plugin. 

We have to declare the following dependencies:

The junit-platform-surefire-provider dependency allows us to run tests that use either the “old” JUnit (3 or 4) or JUnit 5.

If we want to run tests that use JUnit 5, we have to declare the junit-jupiter-engine dependency.

* Junit Jupiter Dependency graph
    - https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/
* JUnit Annotation
    - https://junit.org/junit5/docs/current/user-guide/#writing-tests-annotations

## Who do I talk to about this project

Nuno Bettencourt
nmb@isep.ipp.pt

## Maven goals
### Run the unit tests
```
mvn clean test
```

### Generate javadoc for the source code
```
mvn javadoc:javadoc
```

### Generate javadoc for the test code
```
mvn javadoc:test-javadoc
```

### Generate Jacoco source code coverage report
```
mvn test jacoco:report
```

### Check if thresholds limits are achieved
```
mvn test jacoco:check
```

### Generates a PIT Mutation coverage report to target/pit-reports/YYYYMMDDHHMI
```
mvn org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage
```

### Generates a quicker PIT Mutation coverage report to target/pit-reports/YYYYMMDDHHMI
```
mvn org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage -DwithHistory
```

### Complete example

``` 
mvn test jacoco:report org.pitest:pitest-maven:mutationCoverage -DhistoryInputFile=target/fasterPitMutationTesting-history.txt -DhistoryOutputFile=target/fasterPitMutationTesting-history.txt -Dsonar.pitest.mode=reuseReport -Dthreads=4 -DtimestampedReports=false
```
## Jacoco dependencies
* https://github.com/pitest/pitest-junit5-plugin
  - https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.pitest/pitest-junit5-plugin
    - required to work with JUnit5
