docs/sprintD/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/glossary.md, before:

# Glossary

**Terms, Expressions and Acronyms (TEA) must be organized alphabetically.**


| **_TEA_** (EN)             | **_Description_** (EN)                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                       
|:---------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Address**                | The unique identifier of a location including the number of the house, the street, the zip code, the city, the county and the state.                                                                                  | 
| **Agency**                 | A business or organization providing a particular service on behalf of another business, person, or group. (Synonym of Store)                                                                                         |
| **Agent**                  | Person responsible for selling or renting one or more properties.                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Air Conditioning**       | System for controlling the humidity, ventilation, and temperature in a building.                                                                                                                                      |
| **Announcement**           | A piece of news intended to promote a product, a service or an idea.                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Announcement Demand**    | A demand for advertising a property.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Apartment**              | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Basement**               | Division of a house.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Branch**                 | Refers to a division or a secondary location of a company that operates under the same name and shares the same legal entity as the main company, but is located in a different physical location. (Synonym of Store) |
| **Buyer**                  | Person who is interested in buying one or more properties from the ones available.                                                                                                                                    |
| **Central Heating**        | System that converts fuel or electricity to heat in a house or apartment.                                                                                                                                             |
| **City**                   | Territorial division within a district.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Client**                 | Person that wants to buy or rent a property.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Comission**              | Fixed amount or percentage that is payed to the employes based on the sales.                                                                                                                                          |
| **District**               | Territorial division withing a state that comprises several cities.                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Email Address**          | A unique identifier that allows individuals to send and receive electronic messages over the internet.                                                                                                                |
| **Employee**               | Person who carries out a set of operations related to the real estate business.                                                                                                                                       |
| **House**                  | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Inhabitable loft**       | Division of a house that a person can live.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Land**                   | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | 
| **Owner**                  | Person that wants to sell or rent a property.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Passport Number**        | Number in the passport that identifies the person to whom it belongs.                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Phone Number**           | Number that is used to call or make connections with other persons.                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Property Owner**         | Person who contacts Real Estate USA to sell or rent properties.                                                                                                                                                       | 
| **Real Estate USA**        | A fiction United States of America company that has a network of real estate agencies.                                                                                                                                |
| **Rent**                   | A periodic payment made to the owner for the use of the owner's property.                                                                                                                                             |
| **Role**                   | The function or position of an employee.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| **State**                  | Territorial division in the USA that comprises several districts.                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Store**                  | Place where you can buy or rent properties.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Store Manager**          | Person who monitors and streamlines the branch with the aim of getting to know better the business carried out and to analyze and evaluate the performance of employees.                                              |
| **Store Network Manager**  | Person responsible for registering all employees and branches of the network as well as preparing the system to facilitate the use of the application.                                                                |
| **System Administrator**   | Person responsible for carrying out various business supporting activities on the system.                                                                                                                             |
| **Sun Exposure**           | Period of time of sunlight direction, directly or indirectly. (North, South, East and West).                                                                                                                          |
| **Tax Identifying Number** | A unique identification number assigned to indivuduals and businesses for tax purposes.                                                                                                                               |
| **Type of property**       | Related to the variety of proprieties that the Real Estate USA possess, such as apartment, house or land.                                                                                                             |
| **Unregistered User**      | A person who is not registered or logged in to a particular website or online platform.                                                                                                                               |
| **URI**                    | Acronym for Uniform Resource Identifier, which is a string of characters that identifies a name or a resource on the internet.                                                                                        |

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Commit message:

Glossary update (added message, offer and booking request) Use case diagram update + svg + read me

docs/sprintD/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/glossary.md, after:

# Glossary

**Terms, Expressions and Acronyms (TEA) must be organized alphabetically.**


| **_TEA_** (EN)             | **_Description_** (EN)                                                                                                                                                                                                |                                       
|:---------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| **Address**                | The unique identifier of a location including the number of the house, the street, the zip code, the city, the county and the state.                                                                                  | 
| **Agency**                 | A business or organization providing a particular service on behalf of another business, person, or group. (Synonym of Store)                                                                                         |
| **Agent**                  | Person responsible for selling or renting one or more properties.                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Air Conditioning**       | System for controlling the humidity, ventilation, and temperature in a building.                                                                                                                                      |
| **Announcement**           | A piece of news intended to promote a product, a service or an idea.                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Announcement Demand**    | A demand for advertising a property.                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Apartment**              | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Basement**               | Division of a house.                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| **Booking Request**        | Synonym of Message.                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Branch**                 | Refers to a division or a secondary location of a company that operates under the same name and shares the same legal entity as the main company, but is located in a different physical location. (Synonym of Store) |
| **Buyer**                  | Person who is interested in buying one or more properties from the ones available.                                                                                                                                    |
| **Central Heating**        | System that converts fuel or electricity to heat in a house or apartment.                                                                                                                                             |
| **City**                   | Territorial division within a district.                                                                                                                                                                               |
| **Client**                 | Person that wants to buy or rent a property.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| **Comission**              | Fixed amount or percentage that is payed to the employees based on the sales.                                                                                                                                         |
| **District**               | Territorial division withing a state that comprises several cities.                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Email Address**          | A unique identifier that allows individuals to send and receive electronic messages over the internet.                                                                                                                |
| **Employee**               | Person who carries out a set of operations related to the real estate business.                                                                                                                                       |
| **House**                  | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Inhabitable loft**       | Division of a house that a person can live.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Land**                   | Type of property.                                                                                                                                                                                                     | 
| **Message**                | A message is a communication from a client to an agent, sent through the real estate app, to schedule a visit to a property of interest. Synonym of Booking Request.                                                  | 
| **Offer**                  | It refers to the amount of money that a client is inclined to pay for a specific property.                                                                                                                            |
| **Owner**                  | Person that wants to sell or rent a property.                                                                                                                                                                         |
| **Passport Number**        | Number in the passport that identifies the person to whom it belongs.                                                                                                                                                 |
| **Phone Number**           | Number that is used to call or make connections with other persons.                                                                                                                                                   |
| **Property Owner**         | Person who contacts Real Estate USA to sell or rent properties.                                                                                                                                                       | 
| **Real Estate USA**        | A fiction United States of America company that has a network of real estate agencies.                                                                                                                                |
| **Rent**                   | A periodic payment made to the owner for the use of the owner's property.                                                                                                                                             |
| **Role**                   | The function or position of an employee.                                                                                                                                                                              |
| **State**                  | Territorial division in the USA that comprises several districts.                                                                                                                                                     |
| **Store**                  | Place where you can buy or rent properties.                                                                                                                                                                           |
| **Store Manager**          | Person who monitors and streamlines the branch with the aim of getting to know better the business carried out and to analyze and evaluate the performance of employees.                                              |
| **Store Network Manager**  | Person responsible for registering all employees and branches of the network as well as preparing the system to facilitate the use of the application.                                                                |
| **System Administrator**   | Person responsible for carrying out various business supporting activities on the system.                                                                                                                             |
| **Sun Exposure**           | Period of time of sunlight direction, directly or indirectly. (North, South, East and West).                                                                                                                          |
| **Tax Identifying Number** | A unique identification number assigned to indivuduals and businesses for tax purposes.                                                                                                                               |
| **Type of property**       | Related to the variety of proprieties that the Real Estate USA possess, such as apartment, house or land.                                                                                                             |
| **Unregistered User**      | A person who is not registered or logged in to a particular website or online platform.                                                                                                                               |
| **URI**                    | Acronym for Uniform Resource Identifier, which is a string of characters that identifies a name or a resource on the internet.                                                                                        |

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
