docs/sprintD/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/use-case-diagram.md, before:

# Use Case Diagram (UCD)

**In the scope of this project, there is a direct relationship of _1 to 1_ between Use Cases (UC) and User Stories (US).**

However, be aware, this is a pedagogical simplification. On further projects and curricular units might also exist _1 to
N **and/or** N to 1 relationship between US and UC.

**Insert below the Use Case Diagram in a SVG format**

![Use Case Diagram](svg/use-case-diagram.svg)

**For each UC/US, it must be provided evidences of applying main activities of the software development process (
requirements, analysis, design, tests and code). Gather those evidences on a separate file for each UC/US and set up a
link as suggested below.**

# Use Cases / User Stories

| UC/US  | Description                                                                                              |                   
|:-------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| US 008 | [As an agent, I intend to see the list of property announcement requests made to myself, so that I can post the announcement](../../US08/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md) |
| US 009 | [As a client, I want to leave a message to the agent to schedule a visit to a property of my interest](../../US09/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                      |
| US 010 | [As a client, I place an order to purchase the property, submitting the order amount](../../US10/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                      |
| US 011 | [As an agent, I want to list real estate purchase orders to accept or decline a purchase order for a property. After accepting or declining, an email notification should be sent to the customer](../../US11/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                      |
| US 012 | [As a system administrator, I want to import information from a legacy system that has been in use in several agencies](../../US12/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md) |
| US 013 | [As a network manager, I want to list all employees working in every store of the network](../../US13/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                      |

Commit message:

Glossary update (added message, offer and booking request) Use case diagram update + svg + read me

docs/sprintD/global-artifacts/01.requirements-engineering/use-case-diagram.md, after:

# Use Case Diagram (UCD)

**In the scope of this project, there is a direct relationship of _1 to 1_ between Use Cases (UC) and User Stories (US).**

However, be aware, this is a pedagogical simplification. On further projects and curricular units might also exist _1 to
N **and/or** N to 1 relationship between US and UC.

**Insert below the Use Case Diagram in a SVG format**

![Use Case Diagram](svg/use-case-diagram.svg)

**For each UC/US, it must be provided evidences of applying main activities of the software development process (
requirements, analysis, design, tests and code). Gather those evidences on a separate file for each UC/US and set up a
link as suggested below.**

# Use Cases / User Stories

| UC/US  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |                   
|:-------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| US 015 | [As an agent, I intend to list all booking requests for properties managed by me. ](../../US015/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| US 016 | [As an agent, when viewing a booking request, I want to respond to the user that scheduled the visit. ](../../US016/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| US 017 | [As a network manager, I want to list all deals made. ](../../US017/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| US 018 | [As a store manager, I intend to analyse the deals (only sale of houses and apartments) made. In particular, I intend to compare property sale values with the forecast values. The prediction of the value of the business/property must be estimated based on the characteristics of the property and using linear and multilinear regression algorithms. ](../../US018/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md) |
| US 019 | [As a network manager, I want to divide the set of all stores into two subsets, so that the total number of properties of the stores between the two subsets is the closest possible.](../../US019/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                                                                                                        |
| US 020 | [As a client, I want to read the response for the appointment request, to accept or reject it.](../../US020/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
