docs/sprintD/US018/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md, before:

# US 18 - To analyse the deals made

## 1. Requirements Engineering


### 1.1. User Story Description


: As a store manager, I intend to analyse the deals (only sale of houses and
apartments) made. In particular, I intend to compare property sale values with the
forecast values. The prediction of the value of the business/property must be
estimated based on the characteristics of the property and using linear and
multilinear regression algorithms. 


### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications 


**From the specifications document:**

>	N\A.

**From the client clarifications:**

> **Date:** Thursday, May 4 of 2023
>
> **Question:** Do you want a list where the header is ID, the name of the store, and the total number of listings that the store has?
>  
> **Answer:** Yes.
>
> **Asked at:** 13:43
>


### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria


* **AC1:** The goal of this US is to forecast property sale prices (only for houses and apartments) using information from the property area (in square feet), the distance from the center (in miles), the number of bedrooms, the number of bathrooms and the number of parking spaces features of each property. In this study, simple linear and a multi-linear regression models should be developed to find the linear relationship between: 1- each independent variable and the dependent variable; 2- all independent variables and the dependent variable. As the application is under development it is not possible to generate all data required for the analysis. Therefore, and to simulate a production system, we made available in moodle a CSV file (generated by the legacy system) containing information required for this study. The regression analysis should be documented in the application user manual (in the annexes) that must be delivered with the application. The report should include property values/prices (sale prices and forecast prices), the regression model used to estimate each value, R(SLR), R2 and R2 adjusted for SLR and MLR, confidence intervals and hypothesis tests for regression coefficients and significance model with Anova.
* **AC2:** All houses and apartments business registered in the system should be used to fit the regression models.
* **AC3:** The system should enable the actor to select each regression model and
should present the price estimates using the selected model. Moreover, the system should show the selected regression model and all required statistics. 
* **AC4:** To implement this US the org.apache.commons.math4.stat package
(https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-math/userguide/stat.html) should be used.

### 1.4. Found out Dependencies

* There is a dependency to US11 "As an agent, I want to list real estate purchase orders to accept or decline a purchase order for a property. After accepting or declining, an email notification should be sent to the customer." since offers need to be accepted in order to close a deal.

### 1.5 Input and Output Data


**Input Data:**

* Typed data:
	* Parameters
	* Values to Predict
	
* Selected data:
	* Regression model
	* Parameter for SimpleLinear Model

**Output Data:**

* Report
* Prediction price
* (In)Success of the operation

### 1.6. System Sequence Diagram (SSD)

**Other alternatives might exist.**

#### Alternative One

![System Sequence Diagram - Alternative One](svg/us18-system-sequence-diagram.svg)

### 1.7 Other Relevant Remarks

* N/A.

Commit message:

Added questions to us18 readme (forgot to add them from the txt file i had with the questions yesterday)

docs/sprintD/US018/01.requirements-engineering/Readme.md, after:

# US 18 - To analyse the deals made

## 1. Requirements Engineering


### 1.1. User Story Description


: As a store manager, I intend to analyse the deals (only sale of houses and
apartments) made. In particular, I intend to compare property sale values with the
forecast values. The prediction of the value of the business/property must be
estimated based on the characteristics of the property and using linear and
multilinear regression algorithms. 


### 1.2. Customer Specifications and Clarifications 


**From the specifications document:**

>	N\A.

**From the client clarifications:**

> **Date:** Saturday, June 3 of 2023
>
> **Question:** When the store manager selects simple-linear regression to analyse the deals, does he also select one of the specified relevant parameters to serve as the dependent variable in the regression model? ("property area in m2, the distance from the center, the number of bedrooms, the number of bathroomsand the number of parking spaces")
>  
> **Answer:** The store manager should choose the independent variable and the regression model to be used to fit the data.
>Important: The property area is always in square feet. There is no need to convert the values loaded from the file.
>
> **Asked at:** 15:44

> **Date:** Friday, June 2 of 2023
>
> **Question:** In US018 it is stated that its purpose is to analyse deals made in order to "compare property sale values with the forecast values". However I don't understand what exactly does the user input. Does the user select a property and receives it's predicted value? Does he select a deal and compares the sale price with the predicted price? Or does he not input anything (other than the desired regression model) and just gets the regression model as output? If so, does he receive the regression model as a graph or just as an equation?
>  
> **Answer:** Please discuss this question with MATCP teachers. Moreover, please read carefully the AC3 of US18.
In a previous answer I also said:
"n USs 17, 18 and 19, the network manager and the store manager should be able to explore/analyze ALL deals that are registered in the system.
To develop the work required by MATCP and MDISC courses, you should have a clean/empty system and you should load the CSV file that is already available in moodle (please the link "CSV file generated by the legacy system to be explored in US17, US18 and US19" available in moodle)."
>
> **Asked at:** 17:48

> **Date:** Tuesday, May 30 of 2023
>
> **Question:** A report containing regression methods, confidence intervals, and other US-related aspects of MATCP is mentioned in the Sprint D requirements document for US018. The team is wondering if this "report" refers to information that should be displayed in the application itself, the user manual, or both. And if the "report" isn't going to be displayed in the app, are we only going to show the user the forecasted price in relation to the chosen property and the regression model with all the necessary statistics?
>  
> **Answer:** In US18 the application should show, to the store manager, the forecasts, the regression model statistics, etc.. The teams should use this output of the application to write the report (annexes of the user manual).
>
> **Asked at:** 21:24
>
> **Question:** When the store manager analyses the property values, can he analyse one property, all the properties, or a selection of properties of their choosing?
>  
> **Answer:** The system should present the price estimates (using the selected regression model) for all house and apartment deals made.
> **Question:** When it comes to analysing the properties can the store manager see all the properties in the system?
> **Answer:** The goal of this US is to compare property (only house and apartment properties) sale values with the forecast values. Therefore, the system should only show all house and apartments deals made, including deals that were imported from the leagacy system
> **Asked at:** 18:59


### 1.3. Acceptance Criteria


* **AC1:** The goal of this US is to forecast property sale prices (only for houses and apartments) using information from the property area (in square feet), the distance from the center (in miles), the number of bedrooms, the number of bathrooms and the number of parking spaces features of each property. In this study, simple linear and a multi-linear regression models should be developed to find the linear relationship between: 1- each independent variable and the dependent variable; 2- all independent variables and the dependent variable. As the application is under development it is not possible to generate all data required for the analysis. Therefore, and to simulate a production system, we made available in moodle a CSV file (generated by the legacy system) containing information required for this study. The regression analysis should be documented in the application user manual (in the annexes) that must be delivered with the application. The report should include property values/prices (sale prices and forecast prices), the regression model used to estimate each value, R(SLR), R2 and R2 adjusted for SLR and MLR, confidence intervals and hypothesis tests for regression coefficients and significance model with Anova.
* **AC2:** All houses and apartments business registered in the system should be used to fit the regression models.
* **AC3:** The system should enable the actor to select each regression model and
should present the price estimates using the selected model. Moreover, the system should show the selected regression model and all required statistics. 
* **AC4:** To implement this US the org.apache.commons.math4.stat package
(https://commons.apache.org/proper/commons-math/userguide/stat.html) should be used.

### 1.4. Found out Dependencies

* There is a dependency to US11 "As an agent, I want to list real estate purchase orders to accept or decline a purchase order for a property. After accepting or declining, an email notification should be sent to the customer." since offers need to be accepted in order to close a deal.

### 1.5 Input and Output Data


**Input Data:**

* Typed data:
	* Parameters
	* Values to Predict
	
* Selected data:
	* Regression model
	* Parameter for SimpleLinear Model

**Output Data:**

* Report
* Prediction price
* (In)Success of the operation

### 1.6. System Sequence Diagram (SSD)

**Other alternatives might exist.**

#### Alternative One

![System Sequence Diagram - Alternative One](svg/us18-system-sequence-diagram.svg)

### 1.7 Other Relevant Remarks

* N/A.
